---
NoteType: session
tags:
  - session
fc-calendar: Coriolis Calendar
fc-date: 0061-04-21
fc-end: 0061-04-22
fc-category: Game Session
fc-display-name: The Statue of Zhar Baghra
---

The recently acquainted group of [[Sabah Rize]], [[Salah Jones]], [[Tyvon Ventress]], and [[Zinah]] were enjoying some drinks at [[The Hangover]] bar when they were approached by [[Soro Bexsan]], a co-worker of [[Zinah|Zinah's]]. Soro explained that he knew of someone that needed some help with a simple job, and that he knew Zinah was always looking for some extra cash. He told them to meet with [[Merez Alcan]] at [[Wahib's]] Cantina at 8:30 that night.

The group met with Merez, who explained to them that he was in need of assistance in tracking down a man by the name of [[Lavim Tamm]], who was supposedly in possession of a relic that was discovered on the surface of Kua. Merez indicated that he would like to purchase this relic from Tamm and provided a rough description of the item. He then told the group that Tamm often frequented the [[Souk Alesh]] bazaar in the [[Spice Plaza]], as he has a liking for Miran fire kohol which is sold there.

The group split up. [[Salah]] visited [[Hyvak Amari]], a cargo shipper that he knows from the [[Neoptra Spaceport]]. He learned that Tamm visited the surface of Kua on a scientific expedition aboard the [[The Valley Flyer]] spaceship. The ship left for Kua about 8 weeks ago, but never returned.

[[Zinah]] visited some contacts he knew from some of the shadier establishments in the Ring. After asking about Merez he discovered that he was a dealer and trader in artifacts and relics, who was well known in such circles. Rumors are that he has ties to the [[Syndicate]], but there doesn't seem to be any proof of that.

[[Tyvon Ventress|Tyvon]] did some research on Tamm as well and found that he was part of an expedition that was suppose to return 3 weeks ago, but never came back.

[[Sabah Rize|Sabah]] visited the [[Souk Alesh]] bazaar in the [[Spice Plaza]]. He found out that Miran fire kohol could be found at the [[White Tugur]] bar. He spoke to [[Jasina]], the bartender, who pointed him to [[Kaffrah's Artifacts]] in [[Archeology Alley]]. He also noticed [[Jinna]] listening into his conversation.

The group met back up an proceeded to [[Kaffrah's Artifacts]]. They met [[Kaffrah]] and after some discussion learned about [[Zhar Baghra|Zhar Baghra's]] expedition to Kua to search for a relic of the Dancer. She told them that Lavim was there a few days ago and was living at the [[Quiet Eunuch]], near [[Jasmine Alley]].

On leaving [[Kaffrah's]] they noticed two women watching them. One was [[Jinna]], the woman [[Sabah Rize|Sabah]] saw in the [[White Tugur]]. She ran away and Sabah lost her. The other was a woman dressed in black, she ducked into the crowd and then disappeared down an alley. Despite searching, [[Zinah]] could not find her.

They found Lavim, and moved him to a different room at the Eunuch. The waited for 4+ hours and search his room. Lavim told them about his expedition, and that he had brought the statue back from Kua. He indicated that there were more treasures on Kua, that it was dangerous and that people should stay away. He also told the group that he hid the [[Statue of Zhar Baghra]] and a tag with the coordinates of the expedition site, under a bridge over the Promenade.

[[Salah]] flew his drone to the bride and discovered a hiding spot that matched Lavim's description, although he could not verify that the relic was there.

The group them moved Lavim to a hospital (disguised) for treatment. There they met [[Jinna]], who had followed them and learned she was a friend of Lavim's. She offered to stay with him.

[[Zinah]] and [[Salah Jones|Salah]] killed [[Silca Burros]], the owner of the [[Quiet Eunuch]] and put his body in Lavim's room in an attempt to trick visitors into thinking that Lavim was dead.

They then called [[Merez Alcan|Merez]] and told him that they found Lavim, but didn't have the relic. Merez told them to meet him at [[Izzaldin's]] restaurant that night for payment.

The party arrived early at Izzaldin's. Before Merez arrived the other guests in the restaurant began to leave, until only 4 men remained. Merez then entered. After asking for the relic one more time, he took [[Zinah]]'s tag to pay him, and then ordered the men to kill the group.

A fight erupted. After firing a gun, the thugs and Merez ran, but Merez suffered a serious injury and was left lying behind the bar as the group escaped into the back alleys of the Ring.

